[I got the job! :(]
[Dear diary, I got a co-op offer for the company I interviewed with last week.]

[Doubts]
[Dear diary, I'm having second doubts about this offer because I really want to take classes in the Spring and would prefer to work in the summer and take Summer classes for two consecutive summers.]

[More doubts]
[Dear diary, I miss home and am stressed out at school. Now I also have to consider this co-op offer and give a response by Wednesday after they just gave me the decision THursday. I'm thinkin gof declining the offer.]

[Opportunity Costs]
[Dear diary, I know if I decline this co-op offer I will have passed up on a secure 3 work term work experience. However, I also want to keep my doors open for other internships, but with this co-op I cannot do it. I am also waiting on other interview results to get back to me and don't want to be hasty in my decision making especially when I can definitely do better than the company I would be potentially working at.]

[Crisis]
[Help...]

Felt super productive today
Today kinda started out iffy. I was supposed to call David at 9 am, and I woke up at 8:30 for the call, but he didn't even pick up (what a shocker). It's ok though because it got me up early
and forced me to start the day productive. My entrepreneurship got canceled since my professor got COVID, but I still had to meet with my team, so it wasn't an unproductive class.

Things are pretty good right now
I'm gettig increasingly more excited to fly out to Atlanta this weekend for HackGT. I love to attend hackathons, and I'm also especially excited to see my friend Chris who goes to GT.
I also got my grade for my big comp arch exam and I got a 96, way above the average. I hope I can get ahead on my work so I can enjoy this weekend.

Tomorrow is the day
Not gonna lie, I've been slacking today because I'm super excited to go to Atlanta tomorrow. Wednesdays are also my chill day, meaning I only have a few classes and no extracurriculuar
commitments. I still gotta pack though...

I'm so tired
I was super excited to go to Atlanta today, but I also was so tired all day. I had to wake up at 5:30 am to catch my flight, and had to pay $20 for an Uber to the airport (wasn't the
greatest start to the day). The flight was pretty good though, since the person in the middle of my row moved up so I had more space. It was also super awesome finally getting to see
Chris again.
